¶ Just off the shores
of Never Land ¶
¶ A hideaway at sea
- Yo-ho!
- Let's go!
¶ A pirate band
outwits the plans ¶
¶ Of Captain Hook and Smee
- Yo-ho!
- Let's go!
¶ The merry crew
of Never Land Pirates ¶
¶ Through and through
¶ They're jolly buccaneers
¶ Join with Jake
and the Never Land Pirates ¶
¶ Come along
We need some volunteers ¶
-  Jake!
- Ahoy!
-  Izzy!
-  Cubby!
- Ahoy!
- Skully!
Yooo, yo-ho!
¶ Jake and
the Never Land Pirates ¶
¶ Climb aboard, me hearties
and be a pirate true ¶
Let's go!
¶ With Jake
and the Never Land Pirates ¶
¶ We'll set the course
together, come on ¶
¶ And join the crew
Yo-ho, let's go!
Ahoy, mateys!
Do you want to join
my pirate crew?
Great!
To start today's adventure,
everybody say
the Pirate Password:
Yo-ho ho!
- [all] Yo-ho ho!
- One more time!
Yo-ho ho!
[Jake] "Tiki Tree Luau!"
[Skully] Woo-hoo!
Pirate mail call!
- Cool!
- Awesome!
- What'd we get?
- A fancy envelope.
And it's addressed
to Jake's Crew.
It's an invitation from our
mateys, the Tiki Trees.
"Come to the Tiki Tree Luau.
Celebrate the first day
of spring
and meet the new
baby Tiki Trees!"
I can't wait to see
the Tiny Tikis.
Check it out!
There's a map with an X
showing us where the party is.
A map? A party?
Baby Tikis?
This isn't a luau,
this is a lu-wow!
Mateys, you're invited, too!
Let's all go celebrate
the first day of spring
and meet the baby Tiki Trees
at the Tiki Tree Luau!
Keep a lookout
for Gold Doubloons.
Whenever we solve
a Pirate Problem together,
they'll appear.
Then we'll collect 'em and put
'em in our Team Treasure Chest.
Is everybody ready?
I got my sword!
I got my map!
And I've got my pixie dust!
¶ Yo-ho, mateys, away!
¶ There'll be treasure
and adventure today ¶
¶ Let's go
¶ Heave ho, here we go
Together as a team ¶
¶ Jake and the
Never Land Pirates ¶
¶ And me
Ooh! We've got Pirate-y Mail!
I shall be the one
to open that!
It's some sort of invitation.
To some sort of luau.
From the Tiki Trees.
Can we go?
No! I dislike those
annoying wooden heads
and they dislike me.
[all sigh] Aye-aye, Cap'n.
[gasps] What's this?
Look! A treasure map!
Are you sure
that's a treasure map
and not just a map
to the party?
Of course I'm sure.
Look, it's a map of Never Land
with an X marking the spot
where the treasure be.
And I shall be the one
to dig it up.
Happy first day of spring,
Mr. Tiki Tree.
Hello, pirate friends!
Thanks for inviting us
to the luau.
We can't wait
for the fun to start.
And to see your
adorable babies.
Good! The Tiny Tikis
are up ahead.
By the way,
might I ask a favor?
While we finish setting up
for the luau,
could you watch
the wee ones?
Sure, we'd be glad to help.
Ahoy there, Tiny Tikis!
[chattering, laughing]
Yay hey, no way!
They are too cute.
Blast! The puny pirates
have beaten me to the
buried treasure again.
It don't look to me, sir,
like they be huntin'
much in the way of treasure.
[Bones] Unless there's gold
in them there diapers.
I'm certain the popinjays
are waiting
until the coast is clear
before digging.
We must beat them to it!
They certainly are having fun.
Too bad we aren't
little baby Tiki Trees,
then we could have fun, too.
Why, that's ridicul...
Bones, once again
you've shown how good you are
at reflecting my genius.
Little baby Tiki Trees
we shall be.
Here's a great story.
The Tiki Who Cried "Woodsman!"
"Once upon a time,
a young Tiki Tree cried,
'Help! Woodsman!
Here to chop down trees!'
The other Tikis got scared
but there really was
no woodsman."
Look, Skully, four more babies.
Wait a minute,
those aren't Tikis.
That's Hook and his crew!
Goo-goo, ga-ga.
Let's have some fun with 'em!
If they wanna be babies,
let 'em be babies.
- Keep readin', Izz.
- OK.
"The older Tikis
told the youngster,
'You must never say
something that isn't true,'
but the young Tiki Tree
didn't listen.
The next day the young Tiki
really did see a woodsman
approaching!"
- No!
- [all gasp]
I mean, goo-goo?
Ba-ba?
Um, I think that means
he wants his baby bottle!
Let's give them all bottles!
The popinjays
fell for me trick!
They actually
believe we're...
There you go, little one!
A bottle of nice warm tree sap.
Yum, yum, yum.
[burping]
Uh-oh. These little guys
haven't burped.
Help me out, mateys!
[all burping]
[burps] Excuse m...
I mean, uh, goo-goo?
Come on, baby,
give us a burp.
[clears throat]
Burp.
Atta boy! We did it.
We fed and burped
the baby Tikis
and we got four Gold Doubloons!
Let's grab 'em and go figure out
what the babies want next!
How about pinecone pacifiers?
There's enough for everybody!
Here you go, baby.
[groans]
Awesome! They're all enjoying
pinecone pacifiers.
[gasps]
How did you babies
get these tools?
These aren't toys.
Yeah. [chuckles]
What's to dig?
It's not like the invitation map
we used to get here
- was a treasure map.
- [all spit]
You heard that bird,
there is no treasure!
Quickly, time to make
our escape.
- Oof!
- [laughs]
I guess they didn't enjoy
their pinecone pacifiers.
[giggling]
Wait, babies! Stop right there!
Those babies are going,
going, gone!
We gotta get 'em back.
Let's roll.
[Hook] Step lively, men.
Aw, how cute.
The adorable little saplings
followed us!
I will admit they are
kind of cute, but...
[gasps] That's not cute,
it's dangerous!
Shoo! Go back, babies!
[chattering]
No, no! I'm not playing,
I'm commanding.
Go back, I tell you!
Captain Hook! Stop moving!
The babies think
you're playing a game
and are playing along
with you.
What in Never Land?!
[all shouting]
Oh... Oh dear,
we're in a real pickle.
This is an emergency.
Pixie dust away!
[screaming]
- [all screaming]
- Gotcha!
- Thank you, Izzy.
We didn't know the forest
moppets followed us,
that's the truth.
I know, Captain Hook,
but you and your crew
shouldn't have been
acting like babies.
We saved the baby Tiki Trees
and got five more
Gold Doubloons!
But they keep
playin' with 'em!
Shiny!
¶ Hu-hoy!
Ah-ee-oo! ¶
¶ Ah-ee-oo! Ah-ee-oo!
¶ Tiki tiki limbo dancing
¶ And a friend of tiki tree
¶ Everythin' is OK tiki
¶ It's the first day
of spring ¶
¶ Due east the sun is risin'
¶ In the west the sun it go
¶ Spring time for every tiki
¶ Is a time to grow
¶ Little Tikis dance and play
¶ Dance and play
¶ You plant your roots
another day ¶
¶ Oo-oo ahh-ahh ooh
¶ Sapling Tiki
reach for your sunshine ¶
¶ Root of the family tree
¶ Everybody raise
your branches ¶
¶ To the first day of spring
¶ Ha-hoo
Hey, mon,
Jake tells me
you were worried
about our little ones.
The moppets were in danger,
as was I!
Still, it's nice
to know you care.
Didn't think you
had it in you, Hook.
I'm glad you came to our party.
You're glad I...?
I mean, thank you
for inviting me.
Ew. And thank you.
[gurgling]
Oh, very well.
[laughing]
Thanks for helping us take care
of the baby Tikis, mateys!
Now let's put all
our Gold Doubloons
into our Team Treasure Chest.
¶ Way, hey
Well done, crew ¶
¶ Everyone knew
just what to do ¶
¶ Way, hey
with help from you ¶
¶ It's time to count
our gold doubloons ¶
C'mon, count with us!
Yeah!
[Izzy] One, two, three, four...
[Jake] Five, six, seven,
eight, nine!
Yo ho! For solving
Pirate Problems today,
we got nine Gold Doubloons.
The Pirate Island Luau goes on!
- Way hey.
- [laughing]
[all chattering, cheering]
¶ Tiki, tiki,
limbo dancing ¶
Ready, Cap'n!
You can do it, sir!
I will master
this limbo dance yet!
- [screaming]
- [water splashing]
[laughing] You did it, sir.
You did it, eh... sir?
Barnacles. Limbo schmimbo.
[Jake] "Captain Who?"
[Hook] Step livelier, men!
We're treasure hunters,
not sightseers!
Ain't it a wee bit hot
fer treasure huntin'?
Ooh! That creek looks perfect
fer dippin' achin' feets
and toes too.
Uh, maybe it's time for
a little break, Cap'n?
Nonsense. Keep walking.
[groans]
I sure wish the cap'n
would stop bossing us around.
Listen up, ye simperin' swabs...
[grunting]
Who's the captain here?
You are.
Aye! And don't you
be forgettin' it.
Every crew needs a captain
to keep it on course
and this crew's captain is...
whoa!
[grunting]
Cap'n? Oh no, it's too late.
Careful, boys, those flowers
are Forget-Me Flowers.
Oi! One whiff o' them
Forgetty Flowers
and it makes ya
forget things.
A-are you OK, Cap'n?
Captain who?
Captain Hook.
Who's Hook?
You're Hook!
Me hook? What about me hook?
Not your hook, Captain,
you're Captain Hook!
Ugh, you two are
makin' me head hurt.
Ugh, mine too.
Oh dear, dear me.
This is a briny pickle indeed.
Say, gentlemen,
you're dressed like...
...pirates!
We're all pirates.
[chuckles] How fun!
Oh, dear.
It's nice having a smiling,
happy Cap'n Hook,
even if he doesn't know
he's Cap'n Hook.
I suppose he'll eventually
remember who he is, right?
I hope so... seein' as we
haven't the foggiest notion
how to fix 'im.
Well, until we fix him,
we'll just have to make him
part of the crew.
[chuckles] Welcome to
the crew, Cap'n,
uh... I mean, Mr. Hook.
Glad to have you on board.
Hee-hee!
- Aye!
- Why thank you, kind sirs.
So what are we pirates
up to today?
[stammers] Anything you want.
Uh, let's dip our feets
in the creek.
No way, 'tis snackin' time
says I.
Um... Maybe the best thing
for us to do
is continue
looking for treasure.
Oh, splendid idea.
Which way do we go?
I say we go this way.
I was thinkin'
we'd go this way.
A-actually, this way would be
the way to go. I...
Good idea, boys. Lead the way.
Oh dear, every crew does need
a captain to keep 'em on course.
I sure wish we had a cap'n.
Me too.
¶ Over sand, over dune
with me pirate crew ¶
¶ With their eyes opened wide
for Gold Doubloons ¶
¶ Singin' yo-ho
treasure huntin' as we go ¶
¶ Pirate hiking
yo-ho-ho ¶
Oh, thank goodness you're here,
sea pups.
Do we ever need your help.
What's the trouble, Mr. Smee?
The cap'n smelled
the Forget-Me Flowers
and forgot that he's cap'n!
And that's a problem?
Oh goody! Are these
adorable scamps here
to join our merry crew?
You gotta help us get
our ol' cranky cap'n back!
We're lost without him!
[giggling]
Jake, how are we gonna
get Captain Hook to remember
who he is?
Maybe if we show him things
that he loves,
he'll recognize them,
and then he'll remember
he's Captain Hook!
That's a great idea.
¶ Yo-ho, mateys, away!
¶ There'll be treasure
and adventure today ¶
¶ Let's go
¶ Heave ho, here we go
Together as a team ¶
¶ Jake and the
Never Land Pirates ¶
¶ And me
And of course, me.
[laughs]
Captain... uh, I mean,
Mr. Hook,
we've got a little
surprise for ya.
Ooh, goody, I love surprises.
At least I think I do.
I don't really remember.
But surely you gotta remember...
the    Jolly Roger!
[gasps] Glory gracious,
what a ship.
He remembers!
Why, her lucky captain must be
ever so proud. Whomever he is.
- He doesn't remember.
- Aw, coconuts!
We'll have to try
something else,
something he could
never forget.
His favorite food.
Codfish Casserole!
Here ya go, sir,
fresh from the galley.
Just the way you like it.
[chuckles]
Well, if you say so.
[sniffs, groans]
I've lost me appetite.
Did you hear that?
Yeah, he doesn't remember
liking Codfish Casserole.
[sighs] What're we gonna do?!
Well, what does Captain Hook
love more than anything?
Treasure!
So, let's go help him
find treasure.
Maybe that will help him
remember who he is.
Ah, Never Land.
What a magical place.
There are so many
wonderful treasures to find.
[gasps] So it's working?
You're starting
to remember everything?
- Nope, not a thing.
- [all groan]
This be terrible. We're doomed
to be a crew without a captain.
Like a barnacle
without a boat.
Don't give up yet, mates.
But we just helped him find
all kinds of treasure
and he still can't remember
who he is.
If'n only he could remember
something
that he'd never forget.
Like his best-fittin' boots.
Or an old friend.
An old friend. That's it!
I know someone we haven't
shown the captain yet.
Someone he's sure to remember.
Someone he could never forget.
[Jake] Right this way, mateys.
- Here we are.
- [laughs] Genius!
[all] Tick-Tock Croc!
If anyone can snap
the cap'n back to his
ol' croc-fearing self,
it's Tick-Tock Croc!
Come on, mateys! I'll lead
the pirate hike this time!
Wait! Watch out for the...
Whoa!
Oh, why hello there, fella.
Sorry for disturbing
your sleepy-weepys.
- Tick. Tock. Tick. Tock.
- [growls]
Tick. Tock. Tick. Tock...
- Croc?
- [Tick-Tock Croc growls]
You're Tick-Tock Croc.
[growling]
And that means...
...I am Captain Hook!
Hurrah! I am Captain Hook.
[roaring]
Save me, Smee! Save me!
Oh, Cap'n, you're back!
- Glorious day!
- Hip hip hooray!
- You just need a little rest...
- Yo-ho, way to go!
We helped Captain Hook
remember who he is
and we got four Gold Doubloons!
Let's grab 'em and go!
Smee, I demand you tell me
what's going on!
[stammering] Well, now, Cap'n,
it's a...
it's quite a... a funny story.
You see but...
[Tick-Tock Croc growls]
- Uh-oh, clear the decks!
- [all screaming]
Nice Crocky!
Izzy, this is an emergency!
Pixie dust away!
Whoa!
Huh?
Yay-hey, yes way!
We all safely got away
from the croc
and we got four more
Gold Doubloons.
Let's grab 'em and go!
Back to the Jolly Roger.
Aye-aye, Cap'n!
And when we get there,
Smee, I want Codfish Casserole
for dinner.
Then ya swabs
swab the deck and then...
Thanks for helping Captain Hook
remember who he is, mateys.
Now let's count
our Gold Doubloons
and put 'em in our
Team Treasure Chest.
¶ Way, hey
Well done, crew ¶
¶ Everyone knew
just what to do ¶
¶ Way, hey
with help from you ¶
¶ It's time to count
our gold doubloons ¶
C'mon, count with us.
Yeah!
[Jake] One, two, three, four...
[Izzy] Five, six,
seven, eight.
[Jake] Yo ho! For solving
Pirate Problems today,
we got eight Gold Doubloons.
You know, I was just thinkin'...
It's too bad we had to
turn Captain Hook back
into a sneaky snook.
Well, think of it this way.
Things just wouldn't be
as much fun around here
without him.
And don't you forget it.
[all laughing]
[Hook] Scrape every barnacle
off the Jolly Roger
then hoist the sails
and raise the anchor.
Scraping barnacles, Cap'n!
Hoisting sails, sir!
Anchors aweigh, mon capitan!
[sighs] It sure is nice
to be back to me old
captainy self again.
[all] Aye-aye, Cap'n!
[laughing]
¶ Welcome aboard the
Jolly Roger, mateys ¶
¶ A pirate paradise
upon the sea ¶
¶ Where the anchor chain
is rusty ¶
¶ And the mops
are old and musty ¶
¶ Where your socks are
always soggy and the deck
is water-loggy ¶
¶ Welcome aboard
and join our merry crew ¶
¶ Our banner above
is the Jolly Roger ¶
¶ Stripy sails
of black and red ¶
¶ A pirate ship
of great renown ¶
¶ With an old codfish
for a figurehead ¶
¶ Heave ho, the Jolly Roger ¶
¶ First on the sea
to fly the flag ¶
¶ Heave ho, the Jolly Roger ¶
¶ Scurvy filth
and scallywags ¶
[laughing] That was great...
Whoa, wait, wait...
No, Bones! It's too fast!
¶ Our banner above is the
of black and red ¶ sails
¶ A pirate ship of great renown
figurehead ¶codfish for a
¶ Heave ho, the Jolly Roger
flag ¶on the sea to fly the
¶ Heave ho, the Jolly Roger,
scallywags ¶and